give the week what will cause it to go
strong so let me just get some up he's
not good he's not coming raise my arm
down and ya know he doesn't watch it
fighting yeah no no not like that no Eva
guess what you too oh ok really fights
resist a little bit no I should have
brought my other tripod should've been
like me Vince yeah no I wasn't thinking
overheads ok no that's all right ok
let's stop let's put your seat back
together and then put your hands up just
like that now as I push up just to exist
me you don't fight me but just resist ok
so don't let your hands go up resist if
you fall back a little bit that's ok
alright so you going back like that
alright so here's coffee now do you
think your body will recognize coffee is
good or bad for it all right let's find
out so let's let's put it to the
skylight best put it there we can handle
really gather now resist me ok push it
back pretty easy with coffee now here's
splenda which is processed sugar do the
same thing
okay so going back pretty now this is
voluma not this is our product let's do
without it okay go back and do the
alumina resist a lot stronger now what
it is watch what happens when you take
aluminum coffee coffee put it together
like you're gonna right there right now
resist still they are you really funny
though am I really trying I can't fake
how much I'm trying I mean I'm doubling
tripling my effort on that trying to get
I'm actually going under you deeper to
get you up so what happens is this
everything emits an energy the law of
vibrational energy is higher energy
transvenous lower energy from a
spiritual standpoint love heals all the
names are the highest energy there is an
unconditional love so when someone says
love everyone that's how that's what
forgiveness is you're bracing in with
that energy and that's what's healing
that's what miracles come from without
product the intent behind this product
is to help people everything is natural
the stronger superfood in nature so it's
emitting a frequency that your body
picks up is holding that vibration so
when you put it with a lower vibration
it transmits it and that's why you can
we can show through muscle testing how
that works okay I have
you have stuff like saying because I
have something that hit me home but what
happened and I want to put some stuff on
it he said oh yeah Wow looks like a
woman bite does it itch or write it what
will happen is is if you get on this I
would stop doing like two or three
pounds of this a day you did rub it on
here no I would take an internally
mm-hmm and it's going to it's going to
start your body will start healing that
from the inside out okay and you know
well good lemon just handy so you have
Anthony Miller this is andy hey this is
the guy that's a whole company together
grains no I'm that the brain is this is
gonna this is gonna be fun so what I'm
going to use nope don't keep that away
from because I don't want to change this
field yet this one here okay so what
we're going to do is I'm going to take
this and take the voluminous out of your
pocket cuz it electromagnet and put a
wet will actually put it away from now
does it look that I want it I don't want
to hear just doing this a little Anthony
this is gonna screw your head I knew
this guy right here let's try that try
that's a lot more so and what did idea
what was the only different that he was
Reynolds world had changed it actually
made a tweeter more neutral and took out
what was not good because a lot of fruit
the pesticides and everything else that
is grown with so it actually we can do
that with wine we can do it with with
fruit it's pretty amazing oh that while
I